Update banner with newest OTel End User SIG survey (#4406)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: layouts/partials/banner.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
<i class="fas fa-bullhorn"></i>

> Help us improve OTel and Prometheus interoperability by taking [this survey](https://forms.gle/bZAG9f7udoJsjZUG9). Closes May 31st.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help improve OTel and Prometheus interoperability: [complete our survey](https://forms.gle/bZAG9f7udoJsjZUG9) by May 31
```
